How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

diff pin points the exact lines that were modified and so it lreduces are search span from the entire file to just the lines that were changed. In case of a big file this is very helpful as we don't have to scanthe entire file for changes that could have possibly introduced he bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

 Entir history of a file demonstrates the sequence of changes and the modifications made in each change. Hence we can retrace the current state to any of the the previous states if desired. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    pros: you can commit and hence create check points after each logical change
    cons: you may forget to commit the changes 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   Git allows saving mutiple files in one commit since changes in each of the files may collectively contribute to one logical change and may e co-dependent. So commiting them together demaracates changes in the entire project feature-wise/logic-wise instead of file-wise tracking.
   Google docs on the other hand us generally used to create individual files whose contents are independent of each other. Hence tracking changes in each file individually reduces the scope of monitoring changes. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log gives an overall sequence of changes where each change is depicted by the (commit id, author, date, message) tuple

git diff gives the details of changes made between 2 versions of the staged files.
It can be used to investigate the changes introduced during one commit by comparing the commit with its previous commit.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I always have the flexibility to revert my code back to a version that existed before the changes were introduced so I can confidently make any changes that might possibly break something. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
